What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Initializing creates the data needed that defines a depository, and this data is stored in .git.  This is needed to keep track of the changes and state of the depository as changes are committed to it.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is like the "terminal gate" of a repository where items are gathered
logically together before submitting into the repository. A staging area allows git to keep track of what's going into the commit, as oppose to manually  keeping track of what should go into a given commit (which introduces errors).

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
The logical area would be a place to add all files that are needed for a logical change.  Any other changes that do not pertain with the committed change should not be added.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping history organized?  How would branches help?
Branches help in situations such as creating a special version of the code for a demo or one-off, creating a version that contains new features, and even for doing experimentation.  Branches help preserve what's working, while allowing the programmer to have a base to work on.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
You can see the histroy what's been checked-in, and also see what's included in a given branch and the dependencies between each commit.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
The result is the addition of code that's not in the base file. The way it's represented in the diagram is to show what the changes are per branch, and can pinpoint what will be merged.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Auto merges:
Pros:  Automatically finds differences and notes them in the source file. 
Cons:  No context given with the differences.  Need engineering time to analyze the differences and figure out which code is in or out.
Manuall mergs:
Pros:  None
Cons:  Higher probability of introducing user errors while merging the code. Manually need to diff the source files and find out which parts are different and the same.